This directory contains an example program illustrating how to design
a Music Kit SynthPatch. Three examples are given. 

1. Simplicity.m, is extremely simple, and should be studied first. 
Simplicity implements a single sine wave with oscillator and no
envelopes. 

2. Envy.m, is a more musically useful example, as it includes
envelopes on amplitude and frequency, but it is still primitive.  Envy
can be made more useful by adding the ability to set the wavetable.

3. FM.m is a sophisticated example and illustrates many features of
SynthPatch design. FM supports frequency modulation synthesis with
arbitrary waveforms, random and periodic vibrato, and a wide range of
parameters and MIDI controls.  

Sample .score files are given for each example.

This directory also contains a program to play the SynthPatches. This
program is identical to the one provided with the programing example
"playscorefile2" except that it has one extra statement:

[UnitGenerator enableErrorChecking:YES];

This provides some error checking that is useful when doing SynthPatch
developement. See that example's "README" file for details on the
playing program and how to run it.

The files Simplicity.m, Envy.m, and FM.m contains comments describing what
they do and giving hints on how to build a SynthPatch.  If you want to
create your own SynthPatch class, you must do the following:

1. Create the SynthPatch class.
2. Add it to the Makefile.
3. Remake the example.

See "Building a SynthPatch" in the Music chapter of the NeXT Technical
Documentation for more information.

NOTE: For Applications that follow certain restrictions, SynthPatches
can be much simpler. If it is assumed that all parameters will be
present in every note and that only noteDurs without noteTags are used
(as in software packages such as CSound, C-Music, or MUSIC 5), then
the fairly involved logic of the applyParameters: method in Envy.m is
not needed.  Furthermore, preemptFor: is not necessary if it is
assumed that it will never be necessary to preempt running
SynthPatches (i.e.  if the Application never attempts to play too many
simultaneous notes).  See the example EnvySimplified.m for an example
of a SynthPatch that makes such assumptions.
